safety tie was designed to be used
anywhere anytime in essence it's a
safety release that can be used with a
lead rope no matter where the horse
might be traditionally riders and owners
had to use solid tying methods to tether
a horse however a fighty horse or one
that suddenly spooked can cause itself
immense harm using these older methods
safety tie offers a better alternative
to the traditional solid horse rope this
breakaway solution can be combined with
a lead rope and connected to any tying
off point safety tie is designed for
those looking for a safe option in how
to trailer a horse or how to float a
horse using the system is simple easy
and effective first the same tie off
point will be used the anchor point
should be solid and should not give way
before the safety release in traditional
tie off situations a horse tie is used
in conjunction with a rope but the horse
can easily injure itself if it panics
safety tie is designed to hold fast
under normal conditions but give way
when sufficient pressure is applied to
it this ensures that a panicked horse
cannot cause itself harm safety tie
offers 5 simple loop settings giving
owners and transporters the ability to
customize the solution to this specific
situation in horse the system is also
portable and reusable this is not a
one-time use horse tie system but one
designed to stand the test of time and
provide safety for horses their owners
and others for years to come in addition
to providing enhanced safety safety
tying is also a sleek-looking solution
that looks much better than baling twine
on a horse trailer to find out more
about the revolutionary safety tie
system and how it works visit the
company at WWF Steve's car safety tie
was designed engineered and created by a
team of veterinary nurses equine
muscular therapists and engineers based
in Australia seeing a need for greater
safety for the horse as well as owners
and bystanders the team set out to
create a solution that offered both a
secure hold and protection the result
was safety tie an elegant solution that
offers a secure hold but prevents horses
from harming themselves